Reviews of Version 1. Reviewed for publication as Full Paper
Review ID	Reviewer number	Comments to the author	Attachment
167553 	2 	

Paper has a good theoretical contribution, although the result section
should be improved. 

The concept of relative system dynamics is defined in section V-A, but
it is used many times before that section. I suggest explaining it (at
least giving the main idea, not necessarily the complete mathematical
definition) before.

A better explanation of how expanding each obstacle by the maximum
distance of the TEB (instead of computing the Minkowski difference)
affects the conservativeness of the algorithm seems to be missing.   

In the theoretical explanation, the worst-case disturbances are
considered. But then, in the result section, most of the experiments
are done with uniformly random disturbances between some bounds. This
seems quite conservative, and an experiment in the worst-case scenario
may be needed.	

In the numerical examples, why using RRT and not other planning
algorithms (for example incremental approaches such as	D*, D*
Lite,...)? 

The switching behavior between the performance controller and the
optimal controller seems a little ad-hoc. How Does this switching have
any consequences on stability?	How should the threshold used in this
switching computed?

How does (in terms of the optimal cost achieved, not in terms of
runtime) FastTrack compare with an approach where the full dynamic
system is solved online? (i.e. in a case where there is no switching 
between the performance controller and the optimal controller). 

What are the runtimes achieved when running FastTrack in complex
cluttered 3D environments?

As noted in the future work, the worst-case assumptions may give a TEB
quite conservative.   

The running example helps a lot to understand what's going on in each
step of the proposed framework. Good work.

In the caption of Fig. 5, it says "note that the slice shown on the
bottom right..." Does it refer to the plot on the bottom left? Or to
the plot on the right?

The use of HJ VI as "Hamilton-Jacobi Variational Inequality" leads to
confusion with section VI. 

In the result section, there are several paragraphs that explain only
what is clearly seen in the figures. I suggest going deeper into the
explanation. 

There are several repetitions along the different 3 numerical
experiments (for example, the specifications of the computer used, or
the explanation of the legends used in the figures).

I suggest improving the labels of the axes in Fig. 12 (rotating them
could be a good option). 

There are also some sentences that could be improved:
"As the quadrotor exploring around in the environment, more
obstacles..."  could be improved as "As the quadrotor explores the
environment, more obstacles..."

"The...controller is optained by..." should be	"The..controller is
obtained by..."

"The evolution of the tracking model dynamics satisfy ordinary
differential equation" should be "The evolution of the tracking model
dynamics satisfies this ordinary differential equation" 

"The planning algorithm takes..., then outputs..." could be improved as
"The planning algorithm takes..., and then outputs...".
 

	 
167559 	5 	

The paper presents a guaranteed safe trajectory planning framework for
a priori unknown obstacles. The proposed control framework is
hierarchical with two layers: planning and control. Since trajectory
synthesis for high-dimensional systems computationally demanding and
possibly intractable, the planning layer computes trajectories to a
lower dimensional dynamical system. Thus, the control layer job is to
track this trajectory using a high fidelity dynamical model, which is a
high-dimensional. The obstacles boundaries are augmented in the
planning layer using a tracking error bound (TEB) to ensure that the
control can safely follow the planned trajectory. The framework can
achieve real-time constraints by computing TEB and the control law
offline using a value function obtained from solving Hamilton-Jacobi
(HJ) variational inequality (VI), which tools are available. The paper
is well-written and publishable. 

However, there are some questions which answered would make the
contribution clearer:
1. Does it works for dynamical systems such as fixed-wing UAVs with
constant velocity? It looks like it would work since previous similar
work from authors dealt with this problem. However, it would be
interesting to have one example for this case. 
2. Does it provide conditions for sensor design such as bound for
sensing horizon?
3. Does it only work for static obstacles?
4. Is there any advantage of using the proposed approach comparing with
Barrier Function (Funnels) design such as in [32]? 

	 
169227 	6 	

This paper proposes a modular framework that is able to ensure safe
tracking in the real time motion planning. The main results of this
paper are the so called tracking error bound (TEB) within which the
safe trajectory is generated online by optimal tracking controller.
Overall, this paper is not bad written and contains some publishable
results.    However, the contributions of this paper are not
significant to be considered as a full paper. Moreover, it is unclear
that how the proposed FaSTrack framework differs from the existing
robust planning methods. The contributions are not clearly stated,
leading the reviewer to question the novelty of the methods.  There are
also some major concerns and comments that need to be addressed before
the publication. The main comments and concerns are listed as below

(1) The mathematical representation of the models is unclear and lacks
of rigorous definition. For instance, when the authors introduce the
state of the tracking model, s, so what is nature of the state s? Is it
a vector or scalar, is it a real or integer? It is a very vague and
sloppy way to define a mathematical variable. Similar issues occur in
the following context, what is the function \phi in (2) and (3)? What
is the dimension of the functions u_s, d? What are the sets of S? There
are so many careless defined symbols that make the technical part of
this paper hard to understand.	

(2) In the technical parts, they read like the combinations of well
known methods putting together. It is unclear of what is the real
theoretical contribution of this paper? For instance, in the section of
offline computation, the TEB between the tracking and planning models
is obtained by formulating a Pursuit-evasion game, which can be solved
by using the Hamilton-Jacobi. It is well known that the reachability
problem can be solved by the level set method. So I am not sure what is
the contribution here? In the section of online computation, the
authors provide an online trajectory planning algorithm without
performance guarantee. How to specify the safety and tracking
performance by the proposed algorithm? What can we say about the
performance?  

	 
169229 	7 	

In general I found the paper well written and well organized. The paper
expands a previous work, [4], of some of the authors by including more
details and numerical examples to demonstrate the FaSTrack framework. 
My main concern is about the contribution of this manuscript with
respect to [4]. I'm not sure if the two additional
examples/case-studies justify publication.


Comments:

1. For system (1) it is assumed that f is uniformly continuous, bounded
and Lipschitz continuous. This doesn't really make sense since
Lipschitz continuity implies uniform continuity. Why do you need the
boundedness assumption? Existence and uniqueness of solutions does not
require bounded dynamics.


2. The authors write that the planning model does not include
disturbance inputs and that's a key feature of the proposed framework.
I do not see how this is a novelty of this work since several
techniques in trajectory tracking for instance use a nominal system
which does not include any disturbance.

3. In Proposition 1 it is written "Given t, t'\in[0,T], \forall t' \ge
t ...". I believe this is not written properly. Maybe the authors mean:
Given t\in[0,T] then \forall t' \in [t,T] etc...

In addition, Proposition 1 seems like a forward invariance type of
result.  As mentioned in  Section II (control barrier functions) and in
Remark 2, there are many similar and well known results in the
literature. Also, since V(r,T-t) can be interpreted as a
control-Lyapunov function, it is not clear what is the new theoretical
result in Proposition 1.

Finally, and given that the current manuscript is an expanded version
of a conference paper, it not clear what the contribution that
justifies journal publication is.

4. minor typos, page 10, "...Fig 10 shows [the] the projection..." and 
page 11, "...such that [the] the TEB..."

5. In example A you augmented the sensed obstacles by the maximum
distance of the TEB, whereas in example B you augmented the planning
model. Does this affect the online computations or the planning
algorithm? Does the geometry of the obstacles affect the online
planning/re-planning? Also, in example C, the TEB is time-varying which
means that the tracking error bound increases as time progresses.  How
do you augment in this case the sensed obstacles to obtain a safe zone?
In Fig. 14 it seems that you enlarged the obstacles by the same amount
(blue dashed lines). Does this mean that in time-varying TEBs the
tracking error bound increases over time but cannot exceed some
specific value? I think that for this framework to work, the sensing
radius of the system should be greater than the maximum TEB. Finally,
is it possible to reduce the time of the offline computations required
by this framework? It seems that this is the main drawback of the
approach.

6. Is it possible to extend this framework to environments with
non-static obstacles? 

	 
Publication decision on Version 1 — May 5, 2019  10:08:42  PST
Decision 	Reject - may be resubmitted as Paper or Technical Note [3]
Cover message 	

Dear Dr. Chen:

Your paper “FaSTrack: a Modular Framework for Real-Time Motion Planning
and Guaranteed Safe Tracking”, Number 18-1690, that you submitted for
possible publication in the IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control has
now been reviewed.  Copies of the reviews are enclosed.

Based on the reviews, it is our decision that the paper cannot be
accepted for publication in the Transactions in its present form.
Detailed comments can be found in the attachments, and below is a list
of some key points based on the review comments and my own reading. 

1. There are concerns on the new contributions, especially from a
control theory perspective, of the current work in the context of
existing rich literature on, e.g., robust trajectory tracking,
pursuit-evasion game, and HJ based reachability analysis. Also, it is
very important to distinguish the current version from its published
conference version [4].

2. A discussion on how to deal with the time varying feature (or a
better illustration of its asymptotic or convergence properties) of the
tracking error bound (TEB) estimation and the conservativeness that it
may cause would be very helpful. 

3. There is questions on how to set the threshold to decide the
switching between tracking and planning controllers. Also, a discussion
of the overall system stability/performance in face of these switchings
would be helpful.

4. There are also some concerns on the model formulation, mathematical
notations and assumptions in the paper. Details can be found in the
reviewers’ comments as attached.

We encourage you to examine carefully the comments of the enclosed
reviews and to consider making a major revision of the paper, which can
be resubmitted to the Transactions on Automatic Control within 3 months
from the date of this letter. You should include a detailed "author's
response" document describing the changes in the paper.

Please log-in, click on the "Author" link at the bottom of your access
page, and upload your revised paper under the SAME reference number
within 3 months from the time of this letter.  A new reference number
will be assigned to your paper. 

Sincerely,

Prof. Hai Lin
Associate Editor
hlin1@nd.edu
University of Notre Dame